docs for $GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE (#760)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: src/pages/changelog/Gateway-3.10.0.md

### New features

#### `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` environment variable

> This release introduces the `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` environment variable, which allows you to set the security mode for Gateway. This aims to simplify the decision path around `DELEGATED_XXX` security protocols
> by separating this configuration in two steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces the `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` environment variable, which simplifies the configuration process by splitting out **what** manages authentication/authorization (valid values: `KAFKA_MANAGED` or `GATEWAY_MANAGED`) from **how** it should be managed (still set in the `GATEWAY_SECURITY_PROTOCOL` environment variable).
```

playing around with the text a bit. something seemed off about mentioning DELEGATED at all.

### New features

#### `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` environment variable

This release introduces the `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` environment variable,
which simplifies the configuration process by splitting out **what** manages authentication/authorization (valid values: `KAFKA_MANAGED` or `GATEWAY_MANAGED`) from **how** it should be managed (still set in the `GATEWAY_SECURITY_PROTOCOL` environment variable).

This change:

- Deprecates the `DELEGATED_SASL_PLAINTEXT` and `DELEGATED_SASL_SSL` security protocols (though they remain supported for backward compatibility)
- Deprecates the `GATEWAY_ACL_ENABLED` environment variable, as ACL behavior is now derived from the security mode
- Is non-breaking, supporting existing configurations while encouraging the new approach

> Please see [How to: Migration Guide to Security Mode](../../../docs/gateway/how-to/migration-guide-to-security-mode.md) for more details.

Reviewer: fixed. resolving.

The valid values for `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` are: `GATEWAY_MANAGED`, `KAFKA_MANAGED`.

When in `KAFKA_MANAGED` mode, you may use non delegated security protocols. The mapping is as follows:

| GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE | GATEWAY_SECURITY_PROTOCOL | Previous version GATEWAY_SECURITY_PROTOCOL equivalent  |
|-----------------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| GATEWAY_MANAGED       | SASL_PLAINTEXT            | SASL_PLAINTEXT                                         |
| GATEWAY_MANAGED       | SASL_SSL                  | SASL_SSL                                               |
| GATEWAY_MANAGED       | SSL                       | SSL                                                    |
| GATEWAY_MANAGED       | PLAINTEXT                 | PLAINTEXT                                              |
| KAFKA_MANAGED         | SASL_PLAINTEXT            | DELEGATED_SASL_PLAINTEXT                               |
| KAFKA_MANAGED         | SASL_SSL                 | DELEGATED_SASL_SSL                                     |
| KAFKA_MANAGED         | SSL               | Invalid auth mode with Kafka. Will be rejected.        |

> | KAFKA_MANAGED         | PLAINTEXT                 | Invalid auth mode with Kafka. Will be rejected.        |

Reviewer: this table should be in docs. suggest we link to it from here instead.

Reviewer: change done a while ago. resolving.

> Note this is a non-breaking change. Security protocol inputs `DELEGATED_SASL_PLAINTEXT`, `DELEGATED_SASL_SSL`, are still supported. Additionally, when `GATEWAY_SECURITY_MODE` is not set, we will infer its value based on your security mode.

Reviewer: resolving as text completely rewritten since.
